[IMP] IoT: edits to all IoT docs (#3673)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/iot/devices/screen.rst

Connect a screen
================

In Odoo, an :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box can be connected to a screen display. After being
configured, the screen can be used to display a :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)` order to a client.

.. image:: screen/screen-pos-client-display.png
   :align: center
   :alt: An example of a PoS (point of sale) order on a screen display.

.. note::
   Access the customer display from any other computer by going to the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of
   Things)` box homepage and clicking on the :guilabel:`POS Display` button. Access the :abbr:`IoT
   (Internet of Things)` box homepage by navigating to :menuselection:`IoT app --> IoT Boxes` and
   click on the :abbr:`IP (Internet Protocol)` or :abbr:`URL (Uniform Resource Locators)`.

Connection
==========

The way to connect the screen display to the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box differs depending
on the model.

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: IoT Box model 4

      Connect up to two screens with Micro-HDMI cables on the side of the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of

>       Things)` box. If two screens are connected, they can display distinct content (see usage

Author: Added an anchor in, thanks!

      below).

   .. tab:: IoT Box model 3

      Connect the screen with an HDMI cable on the side of the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box.

.. important::

>    Screen(s) should be connected before the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` Box is switched on. If

Reviewer: Decapitalizing "box". There's another instance of this in this "Important" box that needs to be corrected as well.
```suggestion
   Screen(s) should be connected before the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box is switched on. If
```

Connect a screen
================

In Odoo, an :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box can be connected to a screen display. After being

> configured, the screen can be used to display a Point of Sale (POS) order to a client.

Reviewer: Fixing capitalization.
```suggestion
configured, the screen can be used to display a Point of Sale (PoS) order to a client.
```

Connect a screen
================

In Odoo, an :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box can be connected to a screen display. After being
configured, the screen can be used to display a Point of Sale (PoS) order to a client.

.. image:: screen/screen-pos-client-display.png
   :align: center
   :alt: An example of a PoS (point of sale) order on a screen display.

Access the customer display by going to the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box homepage and
clicking on the :guilabel:`PoS Display` button. To get to the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box
homepage, navigate to :menuselection:`IoT app --> IoT Boxes` and click on the :abbr:`IoT (Internet
of Things)` box homepage link.

Connection
==========

The way to connect the screen display to the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box differs depending
on the model.

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: IoT Box model 4

      Connect up to two screens with Micro-HDMI cables on the side of the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of
      Things)` box. If two screens are connected, they can display distinct content (see

>       :ref:`Screen Usage <iot/usage_screen>`). :ref:`See the Raspberry Pi Schema <connect/schema>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      :ref:`Screen Usage <iot/devices/usage_screen>`). :ref:`See the Raspberry Pi Schema
      <iot/config/connect_schema>`.
```

   .. tab:: IoT Box model 3

      Connect the screen with an HDMI cable on the side of the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box.

>       :ref:`See the Raspberry Pi Schema <connect/schema>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      :ref:`See the Raspberry Pi Schema <iot/config/connect_schema>`.
```

Connect a screen
================

In Odoo, an :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box can be connected to a screen display. After being
configured, the screen can be used to display a Point of Sale (PoS) order to a client.

> .. image:: screen/screen-pos-client-display.png

Author: Noted, I've added this in.

   :align: center
   :alt: An example of a PoS (point of sale) order on a screen display.

Access the customer display by going to the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box homepage and
clicking on the :guilabel:`PoS Display` button. To get to the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box
homepage, navigate to :menuselection:`IoT app --> IoT Boxes` and click on the :abbr:`IoT (Internet
of Things)` box homepage link.

Connection
==========

The way to connect the screen display to the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box differs depending
on the model.

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: IoT Box model 4

>       Connect up to two screens with Micro-HDMI cables on the side of the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of

Author: Nice catch! :+1: 

I've removed the capital.

      Things)` box. If two screens are connected, they can display distinct content (see
      :ref:`Screen Usage <iot/devices/usage_screen>`). :ref:`See the Raspberry Pi Schema
      <iot/config/connect_schema>`.

   .. tab:: IoT Box model 3

      Connect the screen with an HDMI cable on the side of the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box.
      :ref:`See the Raspberry Pi Schema <iot/config/connect_schema>`.

> 

Author: Yes, I think this is a great placement :1st_place_medal:

.. important::
   Screen(s) should be connected before the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box is switched on. If
   it is already on, connect the screen(s), and then restart the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)`
   box by unplugging it for ten seconds and plugging it back into its power source.

.. warning::

>    The usage of HDMI/Micro-HDMI adapters may cause issues which will result in a blank, black screen

Reviewer 3: This is confusing since we're instructing people to use HDMI/micro-HDMI in the first place...what is meant that "Cables" should be used? Aren't HDMI cables...cables? 😅

================

In Odoo, an :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` Box can be connected to a screen display. After being

> connected, the screen can be used to display an :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)` order to a client.

Author: Changed, thank you.

.. image:: screen/screen-pos-client-display-no-order.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The default "POS Client Display" screen that appears when a screen display is successfully
         connected to an IoT box.

The screen should also appear in the list of :guilabel:`Displays` on the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of

> Things)` box home page. Alternatively the display can also be seen by accessing :menuselection:`IoT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Things)` box home page. Alternatively, the display can be seen by accessing :menuselection:`IoT
```

.. image:: screen/screen-pos-client-display-no-order.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The default "POS Client Display" screen that appears when a screen display is successfully
         connected to an IoT box.

The screen should also appear in the list of :guilabel:`Displays` on the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of
Things)` box home page. Alternatively the display can also be seen by accessing :menuselection:`IoT
app --> Devices`.

.. image:: screen/screen-screen-name-example.png
   :align: center
   :alt: An example of a screen display name shown on the IoT box home page.

.. note::

>    If no screen is detected, a default display named :guilabel:`Distant Display` will be used

Reviewer: Can we give any more info about what the "Distant Display" is? Does this just mean there is no screen connected?

Author: Yes, this indicates that there is no hardware screen connected.

.. image:: screen/screen-pos-client-display-no-order.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The default "POS Client Display" screen that appears when a screen display is successfully
         connected to an IoT box.

The screen should also appear in the list of :guilabel:`Displays` on the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of
Things)` box homepage. Alternatively, the display can be seen by accessing :menuselection:`IoT app
--> Devices`.

.. image:: screen/screen-screen-name-example.png
   :align: center
   :alt: An example of a screen display name shown on the IoT Box Home Page.

.. note::
   If no screen is detected, a default display named :guilabel:`Distant Display` will be displayed
   instead. This indicates that there is no hardware screen connected.

    .. image:: screen/screen-no-screen.png
       :align: center
       :alt: The "Distant Display" screen name will be used if no screen is detected.

> .. _iot/usage_screen:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. _iot/devices/usage_screen:
```

Usage
=====

Show Point of Sale orders to customers
--------------------------------------

> To use the screen in the *Point of Sale app*, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale -->
> Configuration --> Point of Sale`, select a :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)`, click :guilabel:`Edit` if
> necessary, and enable the :guilabel:`IoT Box` feature.

Reviewer 2: _app_ and early break
```suggestion
To use the screen in the *Point of Sale* app, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration
--> Point of Sale`, select a :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)`, click :guilabel:`Edit` if necessary, and
enable the :guilabel:`IoT Box` feature.
```

Next, select the screen from the :guilabel:`Customer Display` drop-down menu. Then click
:guilabel:`Save`, if required.

.. image:: screen/screen-pos-screen-config.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Connect the screen display to the Point of Sale app.

> The screen is now available for :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)` sessions. A screen icon will appear in
> the menu at the top of the screen to indicate the screen's connection status.

Reviewer 2: This gets a gui, and _can_ use an icon
```suggestion
The screen is now available for :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)` sessions. A :guilabel:`💻 (screen)` icon
will appear in the menu at the top of the screen to indicate the screen's connection status.
```

Usage
=====

Show Point of Sale orders to customers
--------------------------------------

To use the screen in the :menuselection:`Point of Sale` app, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale -->

> Configuration --> Point of Sale`, open the desired screen, :guilabel:`Edit`, and enable the
> :guilabel:`IoT Box Devices` feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration --> Point of Sale`, select a :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)`, click :guilabel:`Edit`, and enable the
:guilabel:`IoT Box` feature.
```

> Now, select :guilabel:`IoT Box` in the drop-down menu and choose the screen in the
> :guilabel:`Customer Display` option. Then, :guilabel:`Save` if required.

Reviewer: Fixing the instructions to fit the UI.
```suggestion
Next, select the screen from the :guilabel:`Customer Display` drop-down menu. Then click :guilabel:`Save`.
```

> .. image:: screen/screen-pos-screen-config.png

Reviewer: In Runbot 14.0, the name of this section is "IoT Box", not "IoT Box Devices", so I think this image is out of date.

Author: updated screen shots.

   :align: center
   :alt: Connect the screen display to the Point of Sale app.

> The screen is now available for :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)` sessions. A :guilabel:`Screen` icon will

Reviewer: We don't need a guilabel here since the word "Screen" isn't part of the UI.
```suggestion
The screen is now available for :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)` sessions. A screen icon will
```

> appear in the menu at the top of the screen to inform the connection status with the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
appear in the menu at the top of the screen to indicate the screen's connection status.
```

.. image:: screen/screen-pos-icon.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The "screen" icon on the Point of Sale display shows the connection status with the
         screen.

The screen will automatically show the :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)` orders and update when changes

> are performed on the order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are made to the order.
```

> Display a website

Reviewer: Making the heading more descriptive
```suggestion
Display a website on the screen
```

-----------------

> Opening the screen form view at :menuselection:`IoT app --> Devices --> (screen device)` allows the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opening the screen form view at :menuselection:`IoT app --> Devices --> Customer Display` allows the
```
